The ALP poem 2014
-----------------
my name is amr koura abnd below is my peotry :)
Life is hard, full of surprises!
When registration I see fail,
a slight fear (or anger?) rises
about what it might entail.

So I sit waiting for news
from the lecture's team in vain
while dreaming of a sunny cruise
along the shores of Bahrain.

Life is hard, full of uncertainties
and I might get disappointed,
full of stress, full of emergencies,
some things are meant to be avoided.

Oh my god, what stress
this term is a mess.
Exercises tease
a bit more time please! 

My teacher said, "You’re quite a chef.
But still you’re going to get an F.
I didn’t ask for ‘homework stew,?
I said, ‘Tomorrow, homework’s due.?

Oh, squiggly line in my eye fluid. 
I see you lurking there on the periphery of my vision. 
But when I try to look at you, you scurry away. 
Are you shy, squiggly line? 
Why only when I ignore you, do you return to the center of my eye? 
Oh, squiggly line, it's alright, you are forgiven.
“There is no point in using the word 'impossible' to describe something that has clearly happened.?Douglas Adams.

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOcvmTLTtNE

Care about what others say,
and you hear hate all day.
Life may be full of schemes,
but that's no reason not to dream.

Sitting at my desk
Wondering what to do next
Maybe I should put my writing skills to test
I don't know what to rhyme with the rest

No matter how hard you try
in the ocean there is only one way of survive 
dolphins may offer their backs to ride
but the stars will become your real guide  

Each morning a missionary advertise with neon sign 
He tells the native population that civilization is fine 
And three educated savages holler from a bongo tree 
That civilization is a thing for me to see 
So bongo, bongo, bongo I don't want to leave the congo 
Oh no no no no no 
Bingle, bangle, bungle I'm so happy in the jungle I refuse to go 
Don't want no bright lights, false teeth, doorbells, landlords 
I make it clear 
That no matter how they coax him 
I'll stay right here 
I looked through a magazine the missionary's wife concealed 
(Magazine? What happens?) 
I see how people who are civilized bang you with automobiles 
(You know you can get hurt that way Daniel) 
At the movies they have to pay many coconuts to see 
(What do they see Danny?) 
Uncivilized pictures that the newsreels take of me 
So bongo, bongo, bong he don't want to leave the congo 
Oh no no no no no 
Bingle, bangle, bungle he's so happy in the jungle he refuse to go 
Don't want no penthouse, bathtub, streetcars, taxis 
Noise in my ear 
So no matter how they coax him 
I'll stay right here 
They hurry like savages to get aboard an iron train 
And though it's smoky and crowded they're too civilized to complain 
When they've got two weeks vacation they hurry to vacation grounds 
(What do they do Danny) 
They swin and they fish but that's what I do all year round 
So bongo, bongo, bongo I don't want to leave the congo 
Oh no no no no no 
Bingle, bangle, bungle I'm so happy in the jungle I refuse to go 
Don't want no jailhouse, shotguns, fish hooks, golf clubs 
I've got my spear 
So no matter how they coax him 
I'll stay right here 
They have things like the atom bomb 
So I think I'll stay where I "om" 
Civilization, I'll stay right here 


 -- Jointly authored by the ALP 2014 participants and team.


UNIX
[To the tune of _Money_ by Pink Floyd]

UNIX, it's a gas;
grab that VAX with
both hands and
make it crash.

UNIX, it's a hit;
Don't give me that
PC DOS Bullshit.

I'm into well benchmarked
POSIX Open Systems
I think I need a RISC chip.

UNIX, jmp back;
I'm all niced now
pop your frame off of
my stack. 


Friends

There's nothing as nice as someone who shares,
your laughter, your secrets, your wishes and cares,
someone who's there through your good times and tears,
who stays by your side as your friend through the years.

- Autymn Skillings -


-------Here comes Ruotong Li--------
// Just say "Hallo" to everyone :)
Hi all, 
What's going on upstairs?
What are you talking about dears?
Sorry that I can't understand,
but at least I'm trying to hear.
That's all, Thank you!
--------I'll leave now--------------
